Good morning Daniel, thanks for joining the call today. Are you able to hear me clearly?
Morning Ritesh, yes I can hear you perfectly. Thanks for making time.
Of course. So I wanted to start with the pricing proposal you sent over. We have been looking at the numbers and the 7% uplift is quite significant given current market conditions.
The 7% reflects our infrastructure investment and the new analytics module we are rolling out for all customers. We think it represents strong value given the platform enhancements.
We are not questioning the platform value, but we need to see a full breakdown of what is driving that 7% before we can agree to anything.
I think the sensible thing is to defer the pricing discussion until I can send you a detailed enhancement breakdown. Let us park that for now.
Agreed. Can you send that breakdown to me by Friday? That gives us time to review before the renewal deadline.
I will have the pricing enhancement breakdown to you by end of day Friday. You have my word on that.
Good. The next item I want to cover is the Q2 SLA report. We have not received it and we are now well into the third quarter. This is overdue under our agreement.
You are absolutely right and I apologise for the delay. The Q2 SLA report has been sitting with our compliance team for final sign-off. I will have it to you by Wednesday of this week without fail.
Wednesday is fine. We also need the Q3 interim metrics at some point, but Wednesday for Q2 is the priority. What about the SOC 2 certificate?
The SOC 2 Type II certificate was emailed to your legal team last month. Please ask them to check their inbox and possibly their spam filter. We can resend if it was not received.
I will check with the legal team. If they did not receive it please resend it to compliance@econtracts.onmicrosoft.com.
I will follow up with our security team today and if there is any doubt we will resend it to that address this afternoon.
Great. One more item. We have not yet done a full license utilization review. I need to understand whether we are actually using all the seats we are paying for before we commit to renewal terms.
That makes complete sense. I will try to pull together the utilization data from our platform analytics and get it across to you. It is not something I can do instantly but I will do my best to have it ready before the renewal conversation.
Understood. On my side I am going to share our internal utilization analysis from our IT team. I want to compare that against your platform data before we discuss renewal terms.
Perfect. That will make for a much more productive conversation. Shall we schedule a follow-up call in two weeks to review all of this?
Yes, two weeks works. I will send a calendar invite later today. Thank you for the productive discussion Daniel.
Thank you Ritesh. Looking forward to resolving all these items and progressing with the renewal. Have a good day.